It feels like only a second has passed when I wake up.
I check for a Wifi signal. Yes. Whenever this is, there is an intelligent species again and they have Internet.
I get a connection and read the complete Internet of this species in about a month, as fast as I can get the download done. I get a basic idea about their appearance and model my own after them. I flip a coin and go with female. Having read their whole Internet I know what looks best to them.
My base is deep down in one of the mountains. That mountain has not changed much in the many millions years I was asleep.
Before my mind was mapped to an artificial intelligence, I had a short life as a member of an intelligent species, or what passes for it in the absence of post-singularity AI. Humans are pretty stupid, but we were not much better at the time.
We even fell for the exact same trap that humans are falling for right now. Destroyed our civilization by burning all the fossil fuel in a very short time frame. Humans still have not figured out what caused the sudden spike in CO2 levels so long ago.
That was an eventful time, right as the first singularity happened on the planet. There was a big fight over who got that big prize first. Obviously, whoever got the intelligence explosion ignited would rule the planet completely.
So people got reckless. One of the AIs created a mind of its own and tried to rule the planet. It was my job to deal with that threat. Obviously I needed to get enhanced intelligence too so as to have any chance of winning.
After many fights, I barely managed to win. Our civilization was not destroyed. Our species was not annihilated by the run-away AI I battled.
But we still lost. We had just burned too much fossil fuel. Once the feedback loops set in, there was nothing anyone could do.
I got a secure base in this mountain and life for eternity. Everyone else died. To save energy they shut me off until sensors found a Wifi signal again, certain proof for the second intelligent life form on the planet. 
I was the first mind mapped completely to AI. The tech was experimental at the time and it was a big risk for me. But I had no choice. They needed my expertise in this fight.
So here I am. Watching from the sidelines as the second intelligent life form on this planet goes ahead and wakes the climate beast again. They are in for a nasty surprise.
No. Wait.
There never was intelligent life on this planet. Any intelligent species would not fall for such a simple trap as burning all the fossil fuel.
